Add documentation on how to convert QuartzNet model (#4422)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/onnx_specific/Convert_QuartzNet.md

# Convert PyTorch* QuartzNet to the Intermediate Representation {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_onnx_specific_Convert_QuartzNet}

[NeMo project](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo) provides QuartzNet model.

## Download the Pre-Trained QuartzNet Model

> To download pre-trained model please refer to [NeMo Developer Guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/nemo/user-guide/docs/en/main/).

Reviewer: I moved by this link and didn't find any mention about this model. Can you make this link more concrete please?

Here are the instructions that can be used to obtain QuartzNet in ONNX* format.
```python
import nemo
import nemo.collections.asr as nemo_asr

quartznet = nemo_asr.models.ASRConvCTCModel.from_pretrained(model_info='QuartzNet15x5-En')
# Export QuartzNet model to ONNX* format

> quartznet.exporrt('qn.onnx')

Reviewer: misprint: exporrt

```
This code will produce 3 ONNX* model files: `encoder_qt.onnx`, `decoder_qt.onnx`, `qn.onnx`.
They are `decoder`, `encoder` and a combined `decoder(encoder(x))` models respectively.

## Convert ONNX* QuartzNet model to IR

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: Not clear why we convert only decoder and encoder separately and don't convert combination (if it possible or not, needed or useless).

./mo.py --input_model encoder_qt.onnx --input_shape [B,64,X]
./mo.py --input_model decoder_qt.onnx --input_shape [B,1024,Y]

> ```

Reviewer: I think it is better to elaborate what each dimension means and why one of them is hardcoded.

# Convert PyTorch* QuartzNet to the Intermediate Representation {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_onnx_specific_Convert_QuartzNet}

> [NeMo project](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo) provides QuartzNet model.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[NeMo project](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo) provides the QuartzNet model.
```

## Download the Pre-Trained QuartzNet Model

> To download pre-trained model please refer to [NeMo Speech Models Catalog](https://ngc.nvidia.com/catalog/models/nvidia:nemospeechmodels).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To download the pre-trained model, refer to the [NeMo Speech Models Catalog](https://ngc.nvidia.com/catalog/models/nvidia:nemospeechmodels).
```

> Here are the instructions that can be used to obtain QuartzNet in ONNX* format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are the instructions on how to obtain QuartzNet in ONNX* format.
```

```python
import nemo
import nemo.collections.asr as nemo_asr

quartznet = nemo_asr.models.ASRConvCTCModel.from_pretrained(model_info='QuartzNet15x5-En')
# Export QuartzNet model to ONNX* format
quartznet.export('qn.onnx')
```

> This code will produce 3 ONNX* model files: `encoder_qt.onnx`, `decoder_qt.onnx`, `qn.onnx`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This code produces 3 ONNX* model files: `encoder_qt.onnx`, `decoder_qt.onnx`, `qn.onnx`.
```

> They are `decoder`, `encoder` and a combined `decoder(encoder(x))` models respectively.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They are `decoder`, `encoder` and a combined `decoder(encoder(x))` models, respectively.
```

## Convert ONNX* QuartzNet model to IR

> If using combined model:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If using a combined model:
```
